2086 serverless sinking to uri (#25352)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-creating-apiserversource.adoc

. Navigate to the **Add** page and select **Event Source**.
. In the **Event Sources** page, select **ApiServerSource** in the **Type** section.
. Configure the **ApiServerSource** settings:
.. Enter `v1` as the **APIVERSION**, and `Event` as the **KIND**.
// .. Select **Resource** as the **Mode**. **Mode** is the mode that the receive adapter controller runs in. `Ref` sends only the reference to the resource. `Resource` sends the full resource.
// TODO: clarify what this is used for. Out of scope for this PR since not required.
.. Select the **Service Account Name** for the service account that you created.

> .. Select the **Sink** for the event source. A **Sink** can be either a **Resource** (Broker, Channel or Knative Service) or a **URI**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select the **Sink** for the event source. A **Sink** can be either a **Resource**, such as a channel, broker, or service, or a **URI**.
```

Reviewer: I'd keep these lowercase unless they're referring to a specific object or text in ODC.

Reviewer: Also, no ( ) is part of the OCP docs guidelines afaik :wink:

Author: :+1:. btw I love this feature.

// .. Add details about the image:
// General -> Application Name, Name

> // image::apiserver-odc-config-2.png[Configuring the ApiServerSource]

Reviewer: If we're deleting the image can you also delete these notes I had about it? :slightly_smiling_face: thanks

// .. Select **Resource** as the **Mode**. **Mode** is the mode that the receive adapter controller runs in. `Ref` sends only the reference to the resource. `Resource` sends the full resource.
// TODO: clarify what this is used for. Out of scope for this PR since not required.
.. Select the **Service Account Name** for the service account that you created.

> .. Select the **Sink** for the event source. A **Sink** can be either a **Resource**, such as a channel, broker, or service, or a **URI**.

Reviewer: I think the later ones don't need to be bold, since this is generally just used in OCP docs where it's referring to something literal in the console. **Resource** here should probably be just Resource, same for URI?

+
image::toplogy-odc-apiserver.png[ApiServerSource Topology view]

[NOTE]
====

> If an **URI sink** is used, the URI can be modified by right clicking on the **URI sink** -> `Edit URI`.

Reviewer: Not sure if "an" or "a" URI sink. My vote would be "a" but I know others for OCP docs may have a different opinion. Just a suggestion, feel free to ignore.

+
image::toplogy-odc-apiserver.png[ApiServerSource Topology view]

[NOTE]
====

> If a URI sink is used, the URI can be modified by right clicking on the *URI sink* -> *Edit URI*.

Reviewer 2: If a URI sink is used, modify the URI by right-clicking on *URI sink* -> *Edit URI*.

Author: btw
` ```suggestion
blabla
``` `
ctrl+g or the icon :) github implemented magic stuff. Thanks for the review!

> If a URI sink is used, the URI can be modified by right clicking on the *URI sink* -> *Edit URI*.

Author: ```suggestion
If a URI sink is used, modify the URI by right-clicking on *URI sink* -> *Edit URI*.
```

> If a **URI sink** is used, the URI can be modified by right clicking on the **URI sink** -> `Edit URI`.

Reviewer: Oops, just noticed one thing, should `Edit URI` also be **Edit URI** ?

Reviewer: Also, not sure **URI sink** needs to be bold in the first instance? Not sure though, your call.

Author: good catch, fixed, thanks
